[MUSIC PLAYING]
So, uh, Dre, what are you drinking?
It seemed like you were a huge fan.
Yeah.
So it's lemon ginger seltzer from Trader Joe's.
I love ginger, so I wanted to give this a shot.
But it tastes like a fucking flavor of cough medicine
or a cough drop, like a halls.
You know what I mean?
Like that lemon-y ginger flavor, that's kind of really gross.
But without the healing, meant the lip-ness.
Yeah.
It's meant the lip-ness really heal anything.
It used to help me a lot.
But you got to get natural menthol.
Like from a Newport.
[LAUGHTER]
We're cool 100s.
Distilling a cool 100.
She's got to soak it in some alcohol overnight
and then just wring it out.
Drink that juice.
Yeah.
Get you some cigarette juice.
Dave's face.
[LAUGHTER]
I'm also having trouble with the idea of bothering
to put it into the cigarette only to extract it later
and ruin the cigarette in the process.
Not the most efficient transport mechanism.
[LAUGHTER]
Jesus Christ.
So how about you, Dave?
What's the better--
I'm throwing a curveball here.
I'm drinking wine.
Whoa.
Hell yeah.
How fucking sophisticated.
No.
No, it's going on like that.
It's actually Mad Dog 2020.
[LAUGHTER]
It is adjacent to the Mad Dog 2020.
But yeah, it's like the $10 bottle at the one in Spirit Store.
Some boom farms.
Yeah.
Man of Chevy's.
It is a Merlot, or at least it claims to be Merlot.
Yeah.
I was drinking a lot of cider and was like,
let me try to mix this up.
Let me see if I can find a wine.
Because I just didn't like it for a long time.
And I was like, well, there's a million varieties.
Let me just give it a shot.
We're a shelter in place.
A muzzle.
Give it a shot.
And I found it much that I like.
So what do you like?
Like Merlot so far, a Cabernet 7-year-old.
Yeah.
But like you like a dryer, like kind of fruitier thing,
not so sweet.
Yeah.
It's just like cider.
I like really dry, dry wine.
I don't know.
I need to start-- if I'm going to do this,
I need to start taking like note,
like keeping notes and shit.
Because now I'm just like drinking a bunch of different wine
and then kind of forgetting which ones I like,
which is not good science.
It's as an experiment.
It's a terrible experiment.
A couple of friends of mine were telling me about the Pittsburgh
wine mixer.
Yeah.
Because I was like, I don't want to be a wine person.
Sorry if any of our listeners are wine people
and take this seriously and are sophisticated people.
I'm not.
And so I was mentioning, I'm like, it's a shame that I can't--
there's not like a punk rock wine thing of like, here's wine.
We like it, but we're not snobby about it.
But I got the recommendation.
I have not tried it yet because we're still--
it's February.
We're recording this in February.
And we're still in hell.
When that's done, it's one of the places I want to check out
and to learn a little bit more about this.
Maybe even find some other stuff that I would like just as well.
The Aptake of Wine store is great for that too.
I've been definitely into the natural wines.
If I've been drinking anything, which I haven't been drinking
much at all over quarantine, it's been some natural wine.
I had to beer the other day and it gave me a headache
like immediately.
It's weird.
I just can't.
I haven't been drinking it.
That's what wine does to me.
Oh yeah.
Like I love the taste of it, but any time I've tried to get
into it, it immediately gives me a headache.
It's like instant hangover.
I mean, before I started this experiment,
I associated wine with getting a hangover.
And there's one quality of wine that--
because I don't have the vocabulary,
I don't know how to describe it.
But as soon as I started drinking wine,
every once in a while, it'll taste like battery acid to me.
And that's not one of the tasting notes.
I can't say I want the wine that doesn't
taste like battery acid.
That doesn't mean anything.
I don't know.
Becoming a little bit more informed
might help me be able to describe what it is I like better.
I wanted to try some natural wines.
I was looking into it around Christmas time
because Sam, my brother mentioned he was trying
to get into wine now instead of less beer.
Because he decided it was too unhealthy for him.
He wanted to drink something a little better for him.
So I got him a bottle of natural wine.
It was like $50.
To me, it was expensive for a bottle wine.
Oh, that's all right.
So I was like, I hope this is good stuff.
And he said it was absolutely amazing.
And it knocked him on his ass.
He said it was strong.
And then he followed it up with some stuff
that he got on his own, which ended up
being Dave Matthews' brand.
And he said it was so trash.
And he didn't even get him drunk.
But he still woke up with an incredible hangover
the next day that he doesn't understand.
So yeah, he's experienced both sides of the spectrum now.
$50 natural and $5 garbage.
This is the Dave Matthews of Dave Matthews brand.
Crash into me fame.
Yeah, yeah.
It was that same Dave Matthews.
This is him marketing to soccer moms and Karens.
And your brother.
And my brother, apparently, and me and my cousin
keep giving them shit for it.
Why did he buy it?
We don't know, dude.
That's what we asked.
We're like, why?
I was like, I bought you a super expensive bottle
so that you could experience what good wine is.
It was one of the highest recommended in the store.
They only had one bottle left.
I don't expect you to go out and buy $50 wine every day.
But I wanted you to see what's out there.
You know what I mean?
The taste, what could be.
And he went with the complete opposite end.
I was just like, you don't like Dave Matthews.
And I said, why the fuck would you buy his wine?
He's like, I don't know.
I figured he knew his shit.
Name recognition is a powerful thing.
I guess.
Yeah.
Yes.
Because it wasn't like you like Dave Matthews snuck his wine
in like Sam drank it.
And at the bottom, there's like a little note that says, ha ha.
It's from Dave Matthews.
Like--
And apparently he had never heard of the infamous Dave
Matthews tour bus dumping 300 gallons of human waste
on that tour boat in Chicago a few years back.
So that I had a--
Educating in that store.
Oh, man.
Yeah.
So like Dave Matthews tour bus caravan
decided to just empty out their fucking toilets
while they were driving across a bridge in Chicago.
Just do some nice illegal dumping, you know,
right onto the bridge and into the river.
Because fuck everybody, right?
Well, just so happens that there was a fucking tour boat
going under the bridge at the time of this slathered
this entire group of people in human waste that
has been fermenting in Dave's tour buses for this entire tour.
300 gallons worth.
Yeah.
Terrible, terrible.
300 gallons worth of concert shits too.
Those aren't just regular shits.
Those are tour shits.
Coke-fueled McDonald's filled dukies.
Yeah.
Nasty, nasty stuff.
I really hope your brother was drinking the wine
as he heard the story.
Oh, that's exactly it.
Yeah, I mean--
OK, good.
Me and my cousin were joking.
We were like, does he add a little extra flavor to his wine?
It's a little bit of Dave in each one.
He's like, what are you talking about?
And I was like, yeah, just a little bit of that human waste.
He's like, what the fuck are you talking about?
So I had to educate him.
But yeah.
Fuck Dave Matthews.
Again, we've talked about the idea
of alienating our listeners.
If you are someone who is a Dave Matthews fan
and you feel alienated, you can fuck right off.
Yeah, I think we're all fine with that.
If--
Sorry, but not sorry too.
It's an equal to you drinking.
Health aid kombucha.
Ooh, back on the kombucha kick.
Back on the kombucha.
I was just at the co-op getting some groceries,
picked up some kombucha.
Yeah.
Stomach was feeling a little garbage.
I've been trying to be slightly healthier and not just--
Still never tried it.
It scares me.
Some of it's really bad.
And some of it's really good, though.
There aren't too many brands I like.
But this health aid one, it's not bad at all.
It's definitely not like--
Some of it can be some natural wine
where it's drinking someone's bile, basically.
Right.
There's two vinegary and stuff.
Yeah, it just tastes like vomit.
But if I'm in the right stuff, it's good.
This is the bubbly rose flavor.
Ooh.
Which I did not know that was a variety you could get.
Yeah, they all kind of taste the same,
but it's got a little like a chariot, a little rose in it.
Kind of nice.
Well, hopefully it works on your stomach.
I hope so.
Well, here we are with our beverages.
Right.
Gathered, socially distanced, gathered.
As always.
So 29.
Mm-hmm.
It's been, what, two months since our last gathering?
Yeah, we're great with timely recording.
Yeah.
It feels like nothing has happened in these last two months.
You know what I mean?
Wow.
Trump stepped down calmly and peacefully.
Yeah, finally.
There was no drama.
Nothing bad happened there.
He accepted the election results and moved on, you know?
Graciously.
A plus country would vote again.
Joe Biden single-handedly defeated COVID.
Handemics over.
But not in our hearts.
Economy was great.
Yeah, the stock market.
Rock solid.
Nothing weird happening there.
Bitcoin been blowing up, though.
Oh, dude.
To the moon.
I love the songs.
But then down by 10% in a day, too.
So it's all a roller coaster ride.
My game stops back up today, feeling that squeeze.
Oh!
I'm excited.
This is the weirdest world.
Yeah.
We all thought 2020 was the weirdest timeline.
2021 has been off to a great start in two months so far.
Trying to one-up 2020.
Yeah, it's just a continuation.
Like, the idea that it was somehow going to stop this because we've arbitrarily decided
that the new year now.
We got some huge news, though, in the modular world this week.
Huge news.
The module everyone has been waiting for for years.
For the piece of gear, I should say.
I don't want to just limit it to being a wand.
I'm talking, of course, the make noise straggle.
Oh, you're coming out of the gate.
Jesus.
Swing it.
Swing it a turd hammer wildly.
I'm a Dave Matthews.
Give him a minute.
2021.
What are you going to do?
Yeah.
2021, the year we can all pretend we're Alessandro Cortini.
Finally.
Yeah.
That's all I've ever wanted.
How much warble?
So much warble and unstable filters.
Ooh.
Like it's at the bottom of the ocean, perhaps.
Yeah.
Well, I think it doesn't come with like, Dremamine or something to overcome the motion sickness
that's going to induce.
Ooh.
That's the magic right there.
It's unstable filter on stable filter.
It's actually a clone of the surge, Dremamine.
Nobody knows that.
Beat him to the punch.
It's based off of an old secret booklet panel.
It was dosed in Dremamine.
Oh my god.
But what it's like, it's a dual oscillator through three delays, right?
That's like kind of it.
Yeah.
It's got like three sections.
So like apparently you're going to external in, then there's like this like generic sort
of sound generator section.
And then there's the time and filter experiment at the end, which is where you control how
much warble.
All of that then gets influenced by the agitation function generator, which is the this this.
It's all nonsense.
It basically modulates everything.
And that's what gives you the sort of warble effect over everything.
That's a it's a random LFO.
Oh, 100% on everything.
Just call it everything.
Everything.
It's it's literally like it sounds like the smooth CV generator from the waggle bug.
Probably.
And there's also like touch pads.
That's the magic.
You got to put your essence into your music, Dave, if you want to sound like Cortini.
Yeah.
If you're not touching metal, what the fuck are you doing?
You're not putting your fingers on them touch plates coated in snot and urine and old skin
flakes and saliva like that is where the magic comes from Dave.
I had intended to put something else on those touch pads.
Put those fingers on those slicks.
He's not talking fingers.
That's what Cortini doesn't tell you.
See, he'll give you the little secret.
He'll give you the straggle, but he doesn't let all the secrets out now.
Right.
You got to drop your nuts on them plates, boys.
For one night, Dave was in nine inch nails.
Nobody knows that.
I mean, I assume somewhere at some point we're going to talk about beads.
And there was that thing of like there was a lot of shitty beads videos and I was like,
well, there's going to be a good one eventually.
I had faith in this.
Watching those straggle videos and I was like, oh, this is this is what this does.
This is this is the highlight reel.
How much is it to?
Like 600?
I was going to come out the gate with that.
It's the price that kicks me in the ass the most.
This was like a core $99 toy.
It would still be like, this probably isn't worth it.
This is a full-throated, full-featured $600 piece of gear.
And this is what it does.
That's absurd.
I mean, granted, it's a contained self-synthe voice.
That's cool.
But yeah, for $600 rather.
I feel like half that price tag is going to Cortini just because he put his name on it.
Like there's no reason for it to cost that much.
Yeah, I agree.
And you got further than I did, Dave, with figuring out the sections.
Like I've tried multiple times.
I feel like every time I start reading into it, it's just paragraphs after paragraph of
like marketing hype and confusing labels and shit, like mysterious alchemical experiment.
And stuff.
Like, what are you talking about?
They're being deliberately obtuse.
Extremely, extremely.
But I think it's like an experiment, probably.
They're probably like, huh, what can we do in making these like one-off art PC kind of
things that any like doesn't even matter if you know what it does in a way, you know?
People were buying it before they even knew what it was.
But it's like, I'm not that type of person.
I need to have a basic understanding of what the fuck it is.
Well, I wonder if it's not appealing to you.
I wonder if it is appealing to someone who's like, doesn't want to know.
Clearly, I'm not the target audience here.
But I was curious about it.
I wanted to like it.
Like, I didn't stick my nose up to it like the minute it was released.
You know what I mean?
I tuned in ahead of time to watch the release, the big reveal with Cortini and Sonic State.
I just, I don't know, like they went on and on and never really got to the point of what
it was.
They were doing a lot of like, deba, they were doing a lot of like, making sounds and
then sort of gushing over and sound and then, which was really weird because Sonic State,
I was a little bit surprised because normally he is like, I want to know the details.
I want to give you the, I want to kill this thing apart and know everything about it.
That's why I watch Sonic State.
Yeah.
And to watch them just him to sit there and kind of go like, this is magical and wonderful
was like kind of a disservice.
Like, I wanted you to ask the hard getting questions there when you're not.
Right.
And then at the end of it, I was like, well, okay, obviously that was just a marketing
hype clip.
Fine.
You know, it was a big reveal trying to get people hyped up.
Surely there will be more information to follow soon that makes more sense.
There's none.
Like if you go on the perfect circuit page for it right now, like it's literally like
eight paragraphs of weird vague buzzwords and marketing hype.
And then finally you get to the section that says, so what is Strega?
And then it continues on with more buzzwords.
Like I even quoted some of them.
Special Cortini style flavor, his distortion, tape like Warrable, murky echoes, huge evolving
drones and subtle instability.
Okay.
That tells me nothing about the gear itself.
Like these are sound design terms, sure.
Huge evolving drone.
Okay.
What is it though?
How do you generate a huge evolving drone with this thing?
Like, that's the thing.
I don't think this even makes any sense without Cortini.
Like it's Cortini first and then the Strega product.
Because if you just released this, like, yeah, you couldn't even explain it to people.
Because they'd be like, okay, why'd you do that?
What the fuck is the point of this, I think, you know, and or how to give it more too.
Because you look at the panel and all of the functions and all of the parameters are weird
obtuse names.
They're not helping you.
We're like, like, we're going to make this a usable instrument by giving you reasonable parameters
and its cryptic names and symbols.
And it's almost like it's really just leaning into the like, don't worry about it.
We just want you to like move these knobs around and eventually it's going to sound
like a Cortini track.
Yeah.
Let me quote another piece of their marketing hype from the Perfect Circuit page.
It says, "Making equal use of science and magic to allow you to combine simple, common
ingredients into something more than seems possible from its constituent parts.
As such, it would feel odd to attempt to break it down and label it with traditional synthesis
terms like oscillator, delay, wave shaper, etc.
Why?
Why would that be odd to label an instrument with proper labels that actually signify what
it is so that people who make music can recognize it?
That's what every synthesizer is.
It's a combination of certain components that make it an instrument.
You know what I mean?
This isn't doing anything different in that regard.
Now you pop this thing open.
There's a little super high Cortini Smurf in there.
It doesn't even use like resistors?
No, there's like a little Cortini Smurf in there getting blazed on DMT with your fucking
audio signal.
Yeah, I mean, that's what makes, you know, a voice a voice and a synthesis.
It's like all the components assembled together to form a cohesive instrument.
If they want to be vague, that's fine.
Like if you want to do your standard weird make noise labels, okay, but at the very
least like the overview or the page for the product should at least break it down, you
know, into something that makes some sense.
I mean, it fucking Vlad of Somalabs can do it with a Pulsar 23, something that complex
and like otherworldly.
There's no reason in the world why Tony can't break down what the fuck a straga is into
a single paragraph of like, it's this.
Do you think he's worried about ruining the mystique though?
Do you think that's the problem is like, if I just explained what this is, it's not going
to seem mystical and wonderful and strange.
I don't know.
Like who actually buys into that though?
Like, I think it's people that are not us.
I think there are people that are like, this is, this defies explanation.
This is like, I think like if you are someone who wants to believe that this is something
that is outside of a normal synthesizer, not telling you how it works is one of the
ways to keep that mystique going.
This might not get beef for us at all.
This might be for Cortini fans that are like, oh shit, I'm such a big Cortini fan that this
is like an expensive record box set that I'm buying.
It's just make sounds.
That's kind of what I was getting as well because like, yeah, most of the product page
before you even got to the so what is straga section, there was like a mini biography of
Cortini there.
And so it's like, okay, you know, how much of Cortini is even in it?
Like aside from like advising them to use touch plates and things like that, like this
is clearly like another make noise instrument.
It just has like his name on it's not like he engineered the thing.
This is definitely, you know, something that was created by Tony.
I mean, that's one of the many things that's not spelled out is what was he involved with
how was like, because they had like one, the one videos like Tony and Cortini, like side
by side, but like that was clearly just set up for the video.
Like it's not like they actually have footage of them whiteboarding this design, you know,
like so it really, there's no way to know.
It's just weird to me, man.
Like when I buy an instrument, like sure, hype it up makes like electrons notorious for
that.
You know, they always had some weird vague marketing videos and it was like, okay, cool, but it
was always immediately followed up by a technical demo and a layout of like what the fuck this
thing is and what it does, you know what I mean?
And it's like, okay, so you got your hype there and then you got your actual information.
Like that's, that makes sense to me.
Like, I don't think I've ever bought a piece of gear thinking that it was fucking magical,
you know what I mean?
Or that it would ever make me sound like insert artist name here, you know what I mean?
Like Cortini, you know, he has a fucking full blown studio of thousands upon thousands
of dollars worth of gear and vintage sense.
Like you're never going to replicate that in a fucking $500 box that fits in the palm
of your hands.
Like, sorry.
But there's also a fact that it costs $600.
And if this really does have just a couple of simple things behind the hood, people don't
want to necessarily know that, oh, I'm paying $600 or $200 worth of parts that I could
put together with these other modules.
So this may also just be a way to like not have people question the $600 price tag by
not revealing just how little is actually behind it.
That's the thing that got me to is like, you know, they're like trying to make it sound
like this is doing something completely, you know, all chemical and magical and like,
so it's like, it's doing nothing that you can't do with any of the other make noise
modules.
You get a maths, you get a waggle bug, you get a filter in there, whatever one you want,
you know what I mean?
From their lineup, a synth voice, you know, or an oscillator, I should say, you can get
there.
It's probably just like a shared system patch to these like this is my patch.
Let's make it into a box.
The first I thought I was generally like intrigued by it, you know, I was like, oh, that could
be a really cool live performance thing.
You know what I mean?
To like do some drones and things like that, I wouldn't have to break out my full rig.
I wouldn't have to worry about my patch, you know, be self-contained.
But to be honest, like all the weird purposely vague and obscure descriptions and labels
and stuff kind of like completely turned me off to wanting to look into it more.
And it seems like a little one note.
I mean, it seems like you're always just landing back on that warble drone sound, which is
cool.
I'm okay with that.
Yeah.
Like if that's what you want, I'm not paying $600 for something that really produces what
appears to be a limited set of sounds.
That's too much.
Yeah.
If it can do those sounds quickly and easily cool, but yeah, I wanted to see what else
I can do beyond that.
And I haven't seen too much beyond that.
Like light bath actually put out a demo the other day and I was like, okay, he's probably
going to do something that's not so courtenious and do some interesting, you know, ambient
drones and stuff like that.
But even still like that wasn't his demos didn't really show it doing anything different.
So yeah, my joke about Strega being the big news clearly wasn't the big news.
Beautiful instruments, beads, the most anticipated module of the last, what, three, four years?
Something like that.
Yeah.
When it was first announced, I think it was 2017 when Emily announced that she was starting
it.
So yeah, like four years pretty much.
That's kind of cool.
I honestly wasn't that like impatient about it or like hyped because I still really like
my monsoons and you know, my normal clouds.
And I was like, yeah, you know, clouds too.
It'll probably have some new bells and whistles, but you know, I can wait.
I'm not going to be that blown away by it, but Emily proved me wrong.
She proved why she's she is who she is.
Yeah, I likewise, I've got a pre-order in and I was I had a pre-order in when it was
like right before the Div Kid video where it was just a lot of, you know, really kind
of sorry if any of our listeners made these boring videos, but like there's a lot of just
really boring sort of clouds.
The expected clouds, atmospheric drone, granular swells and stuff.
And it was and they sounded fine, but I'm like, yeah, I've got monsoon.
I'm doing fine.
I don't need this.
Yeah.
And then it bentor into it.
And at the end of that video, I was angry that I didn't have one.
It is.
I've not knocked it out of the park yet.
Yeah, totally.
Absolutely.
It sold me to like, I'm trying not to spend money right now.
I'm in the middle of a move and everything.
And I was doing good at just keeping beads out of my mind until I watched the Div Kid
video, like all 45 minutes of it.
And I was just like, fuck, I gotta get one of these.
I gotta put in some overtime or do another on call rotation or something to be able to
get one of these as soon as possible.
But I didn't realize just how much of like, this is the like the K-TEL comp of mutable
instruments, like with the no input, you get plats, wave tables and the 10-u randomizers
use marbles algorithms in them.
So like, there's just like all this great amazing new stuff and like just this cherry
pick of hits from the last couple of years jammed into it.
There was no part of that video where I was like, oh, that's that's something I'm not
going to use.
I think it's almost the apex of mutable instruments.
It's like the fitting end is like, holy shit.
It really bums me out to know that this is their final module.
But it is an incredibly good high note to end on in my opinion.
Like since the release of braids, like mutable has like dominated my rigs, you know what
I mean?
I've always had more shit from them than any other manufacturer in my setup.
And it's going to be weird to know that there's nothing new coming down the line from them,
you know?
Kind of bums me out.
But I don't know.
You know, with everything being open source, maybe people can still springboard off of
the existing stuff, you know?
They always do.
Yeah.
Instead of just downsizing them and making them more compact, maybe people can actually
start expanding upon them, you know?
I think it's a good way to like good luck making that smaller or improving on that too.
It's almost like designed to be like, all right, you're not going to fuck with this, you
know?
Like, what would you even I don't know.
It seems like perfect in a way.
They even have the attenuators on the CV inputs, which was like, you know, something that
mutable arguably didn't necessarily have in the past.
And some of those, um, those redesigns had that was one key feature that wasn't a lot
of them.
And now it's no, that's already on there.
And we, let's focus for a minute on those.
Because I think that's fucking brilliant.
The, uh, a 10 you randomizers.
That is fucking game changing.
When I read the description of it, I was like, no, and then I kept reading like it got better
and better.
Like, at first I was like, yeah, okay, you know, you can attenuate this way, you know,
if you turn clockwise, it's an attenuator for turn counterclockwise.
You're adding random CV voltages to that parameter.
I was like, that's cool, but I do my own random stuff.
I do my own generative patching.
I was like, I don't really need on board randomizing until I read how it functions when you hit it
with CV.
And, and the, so when you hit it and it's in like, you know, randomized mode, the positive
voltages will increase the level of randomization within that.
So using like some logic modules or attenuators, switches, things like that, you can start
to do what I've tried to do with clouds, but required a lot more modules to do.
You know, I mean, like you can get generative sequences of like things shifting and going
back to normal, you know what I mean?
Like, if you attenuate like a gate and you're hitting that shit, you know, at the right sequence
and then you got things randomly changing to the rhythm and things like that.
Like, that's the type of shit I like to do with clouds.
And now it's all right there under the hood.
You know, like that takes a whole bunch of extra shit out of the equation.
Like, you know what I mean?
Like I used to use a bunch of marbles to do that type of thing while going through like
a couple switches and my logic modules and things like that.
You know what I mean?
So it's like Emily not only thought of people like us who are taking clouds in that direction,
but like she even fucking improved upon it.
You know what I mean?
And it's also like if you don't want to use that, if you don't, if you want to just use
it like clouds or you want to use it in a in a completely different way, all of that's
still available to you.
You know, you could just use this as the most intense delay module you've ever bought.
I mean, that's a weird usage.
I don't know if I want to limit it, but like that is something you can do and you can do
it well.
The first thing that I always thought was awesome about clouds to begin with, like I was talking
to Nick right before the beads, stuff came out.
I forget how we got on the conversation, but we were just talking about like how I don't
have any effects aids in my rig still, but I use my multiple clouds in every patch in
some way.
Even if I'm not doing clouds-ish stuff, I still I know the module like the back of my
hands and I can utilize it, you know, in different ways to do like courses or delays,
you know, little things like that, just mild pitch shifting here and there, you know, I
mean, just little subtle things.
And yeah, like beads just seems like even more so you can do that type of like, you
know, it's a Swiss army knife of a processor, not just doing like granular or beach shifty,
you know, beat stutter things.
Like you can go in many directions with it if you want to familiarize yourself with
it enough.
And I just think that's awesome.
You know, I like effects modules that can be like that.
I've never been too into one trick effects, you know what I mean?
I like ones that I can get really fucking experimental with and clouds has always been
my favorite.
And now I'm just like, I can't wait to dig into a beads, you know, alongside my clouds.
I was gonna say I love the simpler version of doing the quality too.
Like it's a lot better than the way it was on that is on current clouds.
I love that cassette mode.
That's it.
It's good.
The feedback seems a little better implemented too.
Like it's really easy to go off the rails with the feedback and, you know, standard clouds.
But the way they have that design, it looks a little, a little more interesting and same
with the pitch.
Like if I read correctly, it actually has like an indentation when you're exactly one
octave up, which is really nice.
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Little things like that, like just little thoughtful things like that just make the design
that much better, in my opinion.
Just streamlines all the things together that I like to do with clouds and like puts a lot
of that functionality under the hood already.
And then if you don't have anything in the input after a couple of seconds, you get plates.
Yeah.
Like the buffer gets loaded with the same wave tables as plates.
Like, it's so smart.
Yeah, what does that mean when you don't have inputs?
Well, I'm gonna give that a context.
I'm gonna, I'm gonna give you something useful.
Yeah.
Even if you plug nothing into the inputs.
It takes it from being just an effects processor into a self-contained generative ecosystem.
Yeah.
That's like the only way I can think to describe it.
Like I don't want to call it a synth voice because it's not technically, but it's like
a fucking ecosystem of like capabilities, you know, like everything on there can feed
and function with each other and you don't need anything else plugged into it if you
don't want it can just, you know what I mean?
You can go into a generative world, you know, where everything's like organically interacting
with each other on its own.
Like that is some next level shit.
I was even kind of like, all right, I still, I still have to come up with something to
shit on like, it's just not in my nature to be nice.
I was trying to as well.
I couldn't think of a single thing.
I could.
Oh, really?
Oh, what is it?
The name.
I don't like the name.
But I don't know why like after the more I've looked into this module, okay, well first
let me say this.
So I don't know if you guys saw this, but Emily posted a very interesting history of
this module like from its conception to release.
Oh, I didn't see it.
It was it's awesome.
It's on the forums.
Yeah, it's like the entire timeline, every change that they made everything that they
approved, why things got set back over to like the last literally four years they've
been working on this.
That's sick.
Yeah, it was cool to see all that information and in that information is also the original
name, which was seeds.
And I was like, that's brilliant.
Like, you know what I mean?
Yeah, there's even a parameter on there, you know, seed.
Yeah.
And I was like, and as soon as I saw the word seeds, it's like that is so much more like
organic and like fitting to me.
And then Emily's notes literally was, yeah, I feel like seeds is a more organic name and
fitting.
I'm like, yeah, yeah, why don't you go with that?
But for reasons unknown, they went back to beads.
And I just don't like that.
Like when I hear beads, the first thing that jumps in my mind because I'm a fucking pervert
is like anal beads.
Right, right.
You know what I mean?
Like it just pops in my head.
I'm like, but then like when I remove the perversion from my brain, I'm like, okay, yeah,
don't go down that road.
You're not shoveling.
You're not shoving modules up your ass.
Just think of like what a normal bead is.
And it's still it's just, I think of like, you know, just a static object, you know, just
a piece of material, whereas like seeds, you think of like something more organic living
breathing and the whole module itself feels like an ecosystem.
So I'm like, I feel like they should have made something more in that direction with
the name.
All right, Greg, I got a deal.
So when you eventually do get one, just let me give it to me for a night.
I will take a knife, I'll scratch out beads, scratch in seeds.
Awesome.
Free of charge.
Nice.
It's a good deal.
I'll get a little label maker.
I do have a label maker and I could just do that for you as well.
And then it would look like a Pittsburgh module module.
Maybe when the inevitable clones get released, someone will call it seeds.
But yeah, I just feel like that was a better suiting name.
So I'm very minor and stupid complaint, but that was the only thing I could come up with
that.
I have to complain about this thing so far.
Well, you win this round.
You found something to complain about.
I knew I could.
I had faith in you.
I knew you could do it too.
Hell yeah.
Is there a ghost at your house, Dave, or is that the train?
It is the train.
That sounds very spooky.
I love it too.
It sounds like screeching metal.
It's like a FFT quality to it a little bit, you know, like a little like the way that
stream tears it apart.
Oh, that's a nice mug, dude.
It is.
It's a super nice mug, actually.
It's like kind of small.
It's like a drink tea out of this fucker all the time.
It's awesome for listeners.
Can't see Nick's awesome mug.
It is a Sherman filter bank mug Sherman compact to filter bank mug.
Want to go into it?
Yeah.
And you're also wearing the shirt wearing the shirt.
I've got the stickers right here because somebody wanted to see the stickers.
Yeah, I've used three of them, I think.
Now to come with like a big oversized foam and you could also be like wearing.
That'd be so sick though.
Yeah.
I don't know if you've like seen the, you know, electronic beats.
They did the T-Mobile had that they did the streaming shit, but they do a Sherman interview
and it's kind of fucking amazing.
He's like a mix of like, oh God, this is going to be terrible.
He's like a mix of like Rick from Rick and Morty and like Ryan, Xanopticon.
It's like.
Sorry.
Sorry, Ryan.
But yeah, he just, no, he's like clearly like fucking mad audio scientist guy.
He's just like listening to him talk about the Sherman is like intoxicating.
But yeah, I don't even remember what triggered it, but there was one day and I was like,
Oh, I saw the compact to Sherman.
And I was like, fuck, I needed a processor.
Maybe I just gotten my dark matter back from it being fixed the second time and was more
into distortion and like really wanted to try the compact to because I forgot that there's
like Sherman filter bank, which was the big ass wedge that's been around since like the
90s, which to be honest, I should have gotten in the fucking 90s.
That would have, that would have been a good choice.
They did the two, which was just updated circuitry, less noise, get people with bitch
about that.
And then they did the compact to because it turned out like there's not much circuitry
and they're like, Oh, people want something that's a little smaller.
And it's like this beautiful form factor.
So I was like, okay, I'm going to try this thing out.
And it's fucking magical in so many ways, to be honest, it is easily my favorite distortion
processor because of all the different territories you can get into.
It's like designed really well, even I was laughing.
I was like, Oh, it's got like three MIDI thrills who fucking uses three MIDI thrills on this
thing.
Like I fucking do actually because really?
You end up realizing the MIDI stuff.
Yeah, it makes you want to sit drum machines around it and you need clocks into those drum
machines.
So there are all these MIDI thrills there.
So it's like, okay, got me.
Like that makes total sense.
It's so much shit to it.
The only thing I'll start with a con because there aren't many is that I wish there would
be CV control on most everything.
There's only like really one CV control input FM input, which can be audio rate or control
rate, which is cool.
It's weird how it's like this inner linked thing.
Like there's so much that depends on the input distortion, which you get this thing and you
think like, Oh, it's a distortion box.
Well, it distorts at the input, but everything else is like, am distortion or like the filters
in the way that can kind of push into some weird territories with like the biasing of
the filters, which makes the filters kind of confusing at first.
But long story short, like that input distortion depends like that's what changes how the envelopes
work that you use to modulate everything.
Like those are interlinked, which is an interesting decision.
You'd think there'd be like a separate like threshold for how the envelope triggers on
the input, but they just kind of bound in with the distortion.
But it gives it like it's Shermanness too, I think.
And like you end up using, I love those envelopes and the way the AD and the ADSR envelopes
could be triggered by that input and the way you kind of use those as internal modulation
sources for the filters, the way the AM can kind of play off of that ADSR too.
You could have like the, well, the LFO is also right there next to the ADSR and you could
have that kind of work on the input triggers.
So you could have it free run.
There are different modes for it.
So there's like a lot of thought put into that because at first I was like, I generally
hate AM in things unless it's a modular.
Like I don't use it as like an effect because I'm like, it's cool.
It's amplitude modulation.
But on this, it lets you push it into its own distortion territories that you can then
shape with the filters and that's like just infinitely more interesting the way the signal
path has it kind of rounded in the way you can blend it.
You can blend it the way you can sweep between parallel and serial distortion is fucking
awesome.
Yes.
All those chains, those are those chains are available and you could have it half and
half and that's just like nothing really does that that often unless you're patching
that like a modular type environment.
So I'm just looking at it right now.
The filters like they can be a little confusing at first and you can you can get it to be
silent.
You're like, I don't understand but it's really the way the biasing works and the way the
biasing can let you make all these different filter shapes.
Even in the manual, there's like a kind of diagram which you've got to get a litter familiar
with to know like how it can create these different slopes and shit.
But there's so much flavor in there.
I love all the noise.
I guess I'm glad that I have the one that has reduced noise because it's like the perfect
level of like this fucking grit that you can put in.
They're all sorts of weird like just a little subtle switch for like high boost, high frequency
booster and high frequency cut that can add like it's almost like a different processor.
Just with those two subtle that kind of changes that's different than me just changing an
EQ on a mixer.
You can do like sensitivity, you can have it like on the trigger input and that can trigger
like some limiting of the sensitivity or you can have a limiter on the sensitivity of the
trigger input and how it responds to the input signal.
The trigger input that relates to the envelope that is.
And then there's like an octave up switch.
So there are two filters which should be gone into.
The first filter is just kind of like a regular filter.
The second filter is either always harmonically related to that first filter or there's a
free mode that's one of the filter positions where it can be whatever you set the frequency
to.
But otherwise it's always going to be like a certain harmonic interval of that first filter
and the way you can like gang that up with resonance and distortion like there's so much
play in what you can end up building with it.
I'm still like kind of a noob with it I feel like sonically.
Do they share the same mode or are they both necessarily going to both be low pass or band
pass?
They're identical.
They're completely identical outside of that latching behavior that the second one
has on the first one.
Okay.
Same layout.
So they're like immediately very familiar.
It's interesting.
You can, I think I mentioned this when I was talking about the crossover filter before
how you can, or maybe the twin peaks so you can get to like areas where it's completely
silent.
You can do that.
You'd be like oh you've just filtered everything out.
You high-passed or low-passed everything into silence.
So you got to learn that.
So that's the only like, as I said, the real thing.
But yeah.
It's fucking awesome.
Oh yeah.
Two of the fucking LEDs are super bright and obnoxious and it fucking sucks.
It's insane.
They're like you love bright LEDs.
Well, so I'm going to offer you the same service I offered Greg earlier.
I've got a knife.
I'm just going to come over to stab at that LED until it's so bright or doesn't work
at all.
I've already got LED covers over them, but it's there are like five different types of
LEDs.
Like it's some mad scientist shit.
They're different sizes too, like two of them are super big and the rest of them are really
small and it's just like, okay, that's cool.
I don't know because I think they've all always been like that.
It's like a very particular design.
The way the knobs are color-coded is very particular and it does.
It starts to like make sense.
Like the filter shits blue are that.
It's fucking sick.
Yeah.
I feel like the term that we were using previously for beads being in its own ecosystem can also
apply it to the Sherman for sure.
It's like it's more than just an effects processor.
It's more than just a filter.
It's more than just a distortion.
Everything within the system exists and feeds off of each other.
You know what I mean?
To the point where like it feels alive.
Like that's definitely the thing that I like the most about the Sherman is that how
everything interacted with each other and it feels like you're fucking with this organic
instrument more so than just an effects processor.
It's all sweet spots too for the most part.
Yeah.
It's hard to get it to kind of be that shitty.
It's generally just fucking sick.
So I know you've been running like drums through it because you sent us videos that each sounded
fucking astounding.
What else have you used it with thus far?
Everything almost.
Modular 303 808 909.
It's all I had to see in a way too.
It's just like listening to the classic records because you can tell people have been doing
this for a while.
Like there are sweet spots with the toms and the way it over drives and the 808 is already
melty with the way it's internal like summing of the sounds is.
Then you get the Sherman to kind of melt it up a little more and it's like that's the
shit.
I loved my own personal love with it was running like FM and digital shit through it.
Yeah.
Combining the nice you know the ali's digital sound going through that overdrive preamp
and that filter is just like a magical combination in my opinion.
It's alchemical.
It is.
It's alchemy Nick.
Like turning light into gold.
Faster than light and harder.
Are you tempted to give a second one?
Do you think that would be like a worthwhile purchase to like have them run for one another?
I would say like I had the analog heat for a while and I sold that kind of donated that
rather.
But like that was better for a full mix whereas I feel like full mixes of audio really aren't
good through the Sherman at all.
It's mono for the first part but like if you get too many instruments going on it just
turns into a mess.
But it's great for individual sounds.
Like I understand the quad Sherman now totally.
I used to think that was like so fucking ridiculous and stupid but it makes total sense.
It's just makes as much sense as having four channels on a mix like or I don't know it's
just four good processors for individual sounds.
Yeah I could see having a double for sure.
That was one of my biggest complaints when I had mine was the fact that I wanted to run
everything separately through it you know and I just did not have enough shurments and
I was like.
Yeah.
Once you get to that point that you're running a quad Sherman it's like maybe you should
be looking into a gear that you can run a whole mix through at that point you know what
I mean it's kind of like.
Which is what I did that's how I ended up with the overstayer.
Like I sold my Sherman and went with the overstayer and now after two years of having
the overstayer now I feel like I understand it a lot better and I do love running whole
mixes through it but at the same time there's a gap now where the Sherman still hasn't
been fulfilled that I would like to process individual parts with.
No.
Well trade straight up.
I'm game.
No.
I'm just saying.
But I feel like the two would work well together you know I feel like I feel like my
overstayer module channel wasn't a replacement for a Sherman you know if anything it would
be a nice accompaniment to it.
It's the top of my gas list right now is the overstayer for sure.
This has made me really want one.
It's not happening but yeah I really want one.
I think any of the overstayer stuff would be good you know at this point like just knowing
the module channel now and seeing like its strengths in comparing it to other overstayer
gear I could definitely say like I wouldn't be opposed to having more overstayer gear
in my rack you know I mean like there's times where I can just fuck around with the
compressor for hours and hours I'm like maybe I should just own one of their compressors
you know me for what I need to do just that and it's like like I'm like one of their
MOS systems or whatever like the 500 series shit looks sick as fuck and that like NTO
2A saturator or whatever that thing.
So I feel like if you want to dive into overstayer you don't necessarily need to go the channel
route you know like I did but I'm learning now that like I probably would have been super
happy with any of their gear you know then some of it is like half the price of the channel.
I want the channel though.
Yeah.
Suradah.
It's so good.
It's like it's the best one.
It's like it's fucking amazing.
I've been having a blast with it still dude like it's endless fun for me playing with that
fucking thing.
That being said like the Sherman really scratches the itch for me it's like oh I guess all
like my tears will have to pour under the Sherman for a while.
It's okay.
Yeah it's fucking it's amazing though I can't imagine getting rid of it.
It's just like it's in the center it's literally between the modular and the rhythm now which
is like the fucking holy space you know it's like it's just there.
Awesome.
Here's another segue so don't fucking shit all over it.
Have you hooked up this and the Hyperion in any sort of signal path?
Yeah I have actually but I actually the Hyperion is right to the right of it but right now
there's a dedicated channel for the Sherman into that buggy EQ into the mixer so that's
like a separate mono path but I have run that into the Hyperion which will take line or
Euro level very easily which is fucking sick about it.
Can it?
I didn't know that.
Yeah no it can handle yeah line level Euro level it feels like one of the best synth tech
designs I've ever used.
I'm going to say for our listeners sake who might not know what the Hyperion is we're
talking about the synthesis technology Hyperion what is the full name spectral processor?
Is that what it is or?
Hyperion effects processor.
Effects processor okay.
Yeah.
Some reason I was thinking spectral is in the name but I guess not.
What's the model of that?
520.
It was originally a Kickstarter.
Yep.
Yeah we saw a prototype of it at knob con and I'm in a snag one.
It's still really hard to get but a few people got like three of them.
I think control mod got like three of each type and I managed to snag one one night one
of the black ones and it's fucking incredible.
It's my favorite effects processor.
I feel like it's very similar editing start of the 352.
It's the same menu system basically which I don't like on the 352.
I don't like it on an oscillator.
I think it's almost perfect for an effects processor though.
So what's its quality like what is it like?
It's the same like so there's like a soft knob driven screen basically.
You've got like four parameters.
You've got like four CV inputs on those parameters.
You've got a mix control left and right and a mix or feedback control left and right that
are individual which is interesting because I was like for a second like looking for the
delay parameter on like the algorithm and then I realized like oh no it's just you can
use the feedback parameter just like use on delay but on any effect and it'll delay
the signal which is super useful.
And then there's the mix left and right.
I mentioned that because it's one of the cons before I forget it in my mind is that
you can't control the feedback and the mix values with the knobs for left and right at
the same time.
You've got to do them individually unless you use CV that's molted across it.
You can't like just turn the wet dry on the entire stereo signal perfectly evenly like
you could on anything else.
But it gives you that control I guess to change it you have knobs for each but just a slight
thing.
I feel like it would make sense to have a feature to pair them.
Tie them.
Yeah.
That's I think already been in the software at some point.
Okay cool.
Yeah.
And then the next row below that is the four CV inputs on all those controls.
So you've got CV on the mix and on the feedback too which is great.
And you get it individually so that could be a plus right.
You're not restricted to just having a B stereo because you can run things actually okay.
You can run dual mono stuff on here like you can run two effects in a two of the mono
slots like having two mono processors basically.
So now that I think about it that gives you full flexibility to use those.
So you can run one effect into the other.
Yeah.
There are a few like little there's an effect that lets you do that actually.
Okay cool.
Um going I'm going to get back to the UI in a second but there are 32 algorithms which
is something I also like.
It's not like um the Evan Tide H9 has like fucking hundreds of things it can do.
I like that this is just 32 basically even the effect.
I've decided I'm never updating my effects aids.
I'm just going to use the original firmware forever basically because it's too much.
I like that Paul limited this and that they chose this many.
But for the interface it's awesome because you get these four controls and I think that
plays well to this type of like virtual things on a screen and like maybe just a light menu
behind it.
The 352 is very menu diving.
They made this so this is not menu diving at all.
There are two extra parameter menus and that's it.
It's the same two for every one.
The 352 is like a fucking operating system almost the way like I know there's lots of
like levels you can go to.
So I think for this it's perfect.
It's like everything's up front I can see all the parameters on a screen.
Nothing's hidden like the H9 and I just get some abstraction.
Know exactly what I'm editing.
The screen's nice and it's great.
I find I use it for bread and butter shit as much as this is sold as some like not bread
and butter and like just spectral and FFT stuff.
I love using the delay because it's just so easy to edit the parameters and it's all
right fucking there.
I can see V control everything.
It's like what you'd want in an effects process for a modular.
It's ideal.
It sounds fucking incredible.
It sounds like he wanted to like thumb his nose at the big guys for a bit.
You know like I think he wanted to shit on Evan Tide a little.
You think you're fucking dope?
Like here's like something that's fucking I don't know.
It sounds just as good as any of that shit that I've heard or anything.
I feel like a lot of the even tied stuff is known for like the black hole reverbs and
shit like that.
What would you say is like the strong point of the Hyperion like does it have a flagship
algorithm or you just like all of them.
That's a good like I'm still finding now because there's stuff on there that I don't
like that much like.
Yeah, spectral delay.
I couldn't get to the same territories as the N.I.1 and so it was kind of like frustrating
to me and I didn't I wasn't getting much.
I've gotten some stuff out of it but more just like oh that's kind of like a subtle ring
modding thing that I don't know how to control yet.
The pattern delay like you get like tap patterns kind of similar to the Rainmaker and each
channel and you get CV control over the density of those patterns and you can kind of like
do some shit that's really crazy in the stereo field by like CV controlling the tap patterns
individually in each like ear.
That I really I find myself using that all the time even the clean delay.
I just really like because it's like an easy delay to use.
I think the kind of weird shimmer reverb is okay but like kind of similar complaints that
we've had about shimmer in the past where it's like I don't know.
There are only so many uses I can have for a shimmer algorithm really.
The format voter like vocoder kind of form anti filter has been really fucking cool.
Yeah, I was really interested in that one.
That one is really sick.
I still have some beats through some format.
Yeah, running beats through the format filter has been kind of gold.
I have more hopes for the vocoder because I was kind of hoping to do something like
kind of like Fumana-ish or like some you know spectral processing of like synth sounds
and like almost like the bark filter from verbose and getting kind of some of those sounds
but I'm not getting like I don't know I don't have it tuned right yet with the carrier and
the modulator for the vocoder should to understand it well enough.
So it sounds like you've got a lot left to explore with it.
Oh yeah, yeah.
There's a lot going on.
Yeah, no it's you can spend a lot of time just on each algorithm.
It feels like just one of the algorithms feels like a legit instrument that would be like
okay, if this was only did this it would still be pretty I wouldn't pay this much money maybe
but it sounds great and there's so much depth like I've just been using those like three
or four delays a lot to be honest.
What else is there?
There's like a weird like spatially kind of looper thing but what it does confuses me
and like makes me think like just of how I would do it in the 301 like scanning through
like kind of a sample loop.
There's a looper stuff in there that I haven't really fucked with that much yet because I
don't generally use a loopers and pedals but it seems like a nice setup the way it's
done.
There's a sync input from most of the effects so you can like tempo sync really easily all
the effects that have that feedback on everything is definitely nice and being able to see
you that that's pretty dope.
But you know the overall sound quality I'm still learning what algorithms I don't even
know like if I have like so much as like a filter yet or a favorite.
Sorry.
Now see been making updates to it I as I don't have one and it's kind of not something I'm
going to get anytime soon because of how hard they are to find.
I've been paying attention like is this something that he's continuing to update?
The effects were updated last November 15th 2020 so this is not anything that's getting
like effects aid level of like you know every couple weeks there's like a new algorithm.
I think they're trying to get these 32 down like they're listening to user requests still
right now.
I think this is going to be like a slow rollout of anything of some of this stuff.
I'm looking through some of the algorithms here is just see if anything jogs my memory.
Oh shit.
The deflector shield.
It's just about to ask for that.
I was just going to say like would Paul actually put some of like his other algorithms from
other modules in this thing.
The deflector shield is exactly in there and it's fucking amazing.
I love it.
I've been using that a lot actually.
I'm almost surprised because like there's only a couple hundred dollar difference between
the two.
It almost doesn't make sense to buy a deflector shield if you spend like two or three hundred
more and you get that plus all that like it's fun.
I was kind of thinking he wouldn't do it for that reason like you would want to encourage
people to buy the individual modules.
That's that's pretty awesome that he's putting it in there then.
Yeah.
Granular pitch shifter that's sick.
There's definitely like granular stuff in there.
It's fun though.
Although that didn't sound as good as some of the other granular stuff like the phaser
in there sounds sick as fuck like it sounds really nice and rich.
So I'm like I like flanging and phasing.
So it's nice to have like really good ones that are complimentary to the effects aid ones.
Multicorous like not as much you know.
Yeah.
Not as interesting.
Oh yeah.
They just have an algorithm called dual mono and that has like a low pass filter all these
different filter types ring mod phase shifter phaser flanger diffuser.
Oh yeah.
The one diffuser is crazy diffusion flanger.
That's fucking wild.
I don't even know how you describe it.
It's like a smeary granular reaver of almost that's also a flanger like working with it
and it just gets you to like these kind of FFT type territories that were interesting
but like I couldn't I don't even know how to imagine what it does.
It just run into shit when you use it you know like sounds awesome.
Oh dude it's no it's it's fucking great like I had high hopes for it and then I got it
and was like fuck them down.
Yeah.
I was trying to chill on effects for now but I got beads and a Hyperion on my hit list
for whenever I could start buying modules again like both of them were just like top
of the list now.
Did you do like Rainmaker type shit in here because you can stack effects can you do like
comb filter into like tap delay or tap delay into comb.
You can you can only stack effects within those simple ones otherwise you only get one.
Okay.
Yeah it's just one stereo that would be yeah that's one thing that you know the higher
end Evan Tide stuff obviously has like being able to do multi effects this is just like
one at a time outside of that dual mono shit.
That's what the Hyperion is like the perfect blend of something that has multiple uses
and like you can just sit it on one and it's there's no confusion about what the fuck
you're doing on it at any point.
There's no like oh I wish I could just get to this more easily you know the H9 is all
that it's all like I'm going to go through this list of parameters one by one you know
and even with a knob box on it it's still just like look up fucking look up table you
know it just gets old.
Yeah that's again why I decided I've got this FX aid print out like right above my modular
and I'm just going to roll with the original 32 it's not broken I don't give a fuck about
the filters.
Like I'm just going to use it.
Yeah I mean I keep saying that I'm going to try some of the new ones but I haven't and
I'm still very stoked on what they do like was I have it printed on the bottom of my
7u case taped like I don't know I want to try just because I think it's I don't know
I don't know why I'm like I just I think maybe there's a little bit of like what we can do
it I should try it that's how you get the most out of it like no it isn't.
There's this thing that trips me up about it because I was actually going to update
it the other night but I think you've got to use the FX aid app right to get the firm.
Yeah yeah but you check which one you want and you can you basically configure a set
on your own.
That's the thing I don't want to do that.
You can't even it doesn't even give you like here are the 32 defaults every time you go
to get the firmware it's like well you got to build your pick your 32 and it's like well
I don't that's not what I'm here for today I just want to update the fucking firmware.
You know but I don't know it's a minor thing but I'm just that lazy in that regard or at
least just don't I don't want to deal with it.
I'm not disappointed enough of what I have to go see something else out.
So you were mentioning having you know H9 even if it was all surfaced with a bunch of
knobs that could segue into 60 knobs.
Oh shit.
So Nick and I both made but made these and I'm sitting here extremely jealous.
So I was already like wildly I mean I've gushed about the LXR in a recent episode because
I finally got off my ass and made mine and this just turned what I thought was already
a 10 out of 10 into a 15 out of 10.
I'm so fucking jealous.
It's also like the LXR was great and it sounded good and I was getting a lot out of it.
This did that and now it's in that I rarely use this word because I'm like I'm not really
into this I'm just gonna let you know before I say it.
And so it was also kind of uncomfortable a little but I was having fun using this and
it was like this weird sensation and I didn't really know how to deal with it at first and
like I kind of thought like there was something wrong because I was like I'm not familiar
with this sensation.
What's happening to me?
What is this?
Oh wait no wait this might just be what they call fun and I'm having it.
Yeah just I fuck holy shit and it was a fun build like it was straight forward and you
just plug it in and it's fucking there and even the one decision that I thought was a
little bit odd at first because the top row doesn't start with course it doesn't start
like the top knob is in course and I was like oh because it's probably what you're just
going to have on the LXR itself.
Yep.
Yeah.
That's what your four knobs like if you just have the default screen for the kick drum
that like there's no reason to recreate those four correct in the 60s.
So basically you have 64 knobs.
Yeah true.
I was like fuck you everyone this is brilliant.
Yeah the build was super well documented like the way to yeah it's just all it was a lot
of it was fun to build.
Yeah.
It works really well like it's actually like kind of love for as much as I don't like
acrylic cases it's kind of sick you know.
I was also a little bit like oh and it doesn't match the cool metal case that I have for
the LXR but no I got over it pretty quickly.
I mean if someone made a cool black metal case for 60 knobs I would buy it without even
thinking but yeah no I have no complaints about this and there's not a lot of lights
it's not it's it just fucking works.
Yeah and you can pick your height too you can pick the LXR height to the smaller height
which is kind of a nice touch.
And I went with the LXR so they match up and and I even screwed the editor just to see
if it worked and yeah it was really straightforward to change but yeah no this is 60 knobs like
you know 60,000 thumbs up for me.
Yeah fucking awesome.
I mean the other reason I wanted to bring this up to Greg was like if you do find an
LXR and you don't find a built 60 knobs I mean something I could bang out.
Oh yeah my my sausage fingers could handle soldering this together.
I thought you came into it across a hurdle though with the capacitors or something.
Oh that was entirely my fault because they didn't label to the there was resistors and
it was it was I looked the colors that the color code checked them on a meter and put
them aside I'm like okay those are the 220 R's these are the 100 K's ready to go and sure
enough started soldering started putting them in and I fucked it up.
I didn't I couldn't get mad and I'm unsighttered it with them in the right one and but thank
you Greg for bringing up that shameful shameful.
Well I'm just saying like I know if you come across something that tripped you up then I'm
probably gonna totally fuck it up because I'm just not that good at building things but
I think you got this.
I think you got it.
I'm jelly.
I miss my LXR and when I sold it 60 knobs hadn't been released yet.
It didn't look like it was gonna come out at any point you know just look look like vapor
where at that point like it was just something that was rumored that maybe it would happen
someday and the fact that it actually exists now and is obtainable like eating my heart
out and I want an LXR back with 60 knobs at some point but mine sat in a box for four
years before it actually got built really about that yeah I bought it that shit right
when it came out basically and just never did it.
Wow you having fun with it too or oh yeah it's fucking cool.
It's like great like it's right next to it there's like it's part I can't imagine using
it without it now.
I use the decimation way more now because it's more like oh what's this gonna do whereas
that was a parameter I would never go to before.
That was one of my favorite parameters actually.
It pissed me off that you have to dive so deep to hit it you know I mean like that's
why I never left it.
That's why I never left it.
I'm just going to overdrive.
Guess what.
All the way at the end there.
What?
You don't do that anymore.
No I'm going to throw it there.
I'm going to throw it there.
All right there your fingertips.
That's the thing I use both the overdrives and the sample rate reduction a good bit but
not the decimation.
I want to know who did but now I like it.
Yeah.
Yeah if you have an LXR and you don't have one you got a guy one.
Yeah that's it really.
Will it make you sound like Alessandro Cortini though?
Mmm probably not.
It won't.
I don't know if I'm interested then thank you.
Still everything is labeled correctly and explains what it does.
Stupid.
Yeah.
It should really just be a peanut butter sandwich that you rub around and it says like kangaroo
ville you know.
This is the platypus nom.
Make noise platypus sandwich.
You want to know what it does?
Twist it and find out bitch.
Okay.
(drum beats)
[BLANK_AUDIO]